Ares-Lite is a more practical redesign of the original Ares AI. Instead of creating its own missions sets, Ares-Lite will work with existing user defined missions and parameters. Ares-Light seeks to improve the survivability and effectiveness of preassigned units while respecting the mission boundaries set by the user. Features include:

1.) Categorize units by roles (AAW, AG, ASUW) by their payload and assigned mission. No more reference files. (NEW)
2.) Units will avoid missiles on first detection instead of last possible moment. (OLD)
3.) Updated avoidance to factor in ARH seeker heads. Units will attempt to dive and retreat outside the FOV of ARH missiles. (NEW)
4.) Avoidance behavior based on roles (AAW will avoid SAMS and Ships) (OLD)
5.) Avoidance behavior is divided into two methods. (NEW)
    a.) Line of Sight avoidance - Units will attempt to fly under the radar and still approach threat.
    b.) Hard avoidance - When line of sight can no longer mask a unit approach, the unit will attempt to avoid the threat altogether.
6.) Units under Strike Missions will attempt fly under radar to avoid any detected SAMs or ships. They will "Pop-up" only when close to the target. (NEW)
7.) Units under Patrols (SEAD, Land, Anti-ship) will occasionally "Pop-up" to detect and engage targets. (NEW)
8.) Unit avoidance will only trigger on contact detection. The better the ELINT, the better the unit will perform. (NEW)
9.) Missiles will generate "Threat Datum" that acts like no-go zones. Units under AI command will act accordingly to avoid them. (NEW)
10.) Ares will command missions containing the tag "<Ares>" and will ignore other missions without the tag. (NEW)

Installation Guide:
1.) Open your scenario
2.) Create Event => "Event - Load AI"
    a.) Set repeatable and active
    b.) Set Trigger as Load On Scenario
    c.) Set Lua Script Action => "Load AI"
        i.) Copy contents of Ares-Light.lua
	ii.) On last line => initializeAresAI("Test1"), replace "Test1" with the name of side you want to apply the AI to.
3.) Create Event => "Event - Update AI"
    a.) Set repeatable and active
    b.) Set Trigger to 1 second regular time
    c.) Set Lua Script Action => "Update AI"
        i.) Script should have content => updateAresAI()
4.) Ares-Lite will take over any mission with name containing "<Ares>"